We had an extra neighbour who was an invalid, wheelchair bound, and he was the first one,
I'm sure in the whole village, who had a television.
And he just happened to live next door.
So my dad and I used to pop in there several evenings a week to watch it.
A little 15 inch Phillips in the corner, black and white of course.
But, and everything was exciting wasn't it, you know, whatever was on.
The programs were only on in the evening, no daytime television in those days.
If you ask me what stands out, I can't remember, because I would have been about
you know, seven, up to about 15, I can't remember.
But I couldn't get over the excitement of actually watching things.
One of the things, I remember one of the programs that I still remember today,
there was a program about the end of the war, and a news bulletin or a news reel
on the concentration camps.
And I remember my dad standing in front of the screen so that I couldn't see the horrors.
And that sticks with me today.
If you ask me what else was on, I couldn't tell you.
Because there was no, even then I was really keen on sport.
But I can't remember any sport being on.
Perhaps the FA Cup final, but that was about it, you know.
Oh I do remember, yeah, what I do remember was children's programs.
Andy Pandy, Muffin the Mew, a bit later on, Sucky, you know.
Those, but perhaps those were the only things that were on I suppose.
And the other thing I remember was the, there was always, there was the intermission.
Unless the screen was there.
And you just sit there watching that, thinking what, you know, there's a picture across there,
there was nothing happening on it.
Yeah, that was the one thing.
And then I also remember, my dad sang in the Trio O'Kimena West Choir.
And in those days, they used to do BBC, used to do it, only BBC of course.
Used to do an outside broadcast, Kamu is called, out and about or something.
And the choir had gone to Trichnum to watch wheels play in England.
And the TV had covered their trip.
And after the match, it was live, I only remember it was live,
them interviewing some members of the choir about the game.
And there was my dad.
And they said to him, can you tell us anything?
And my dad said, well you got so excited, he said, well Wales scored.
I bought a new cap to go to the match.
And I threw it up in the air, he said.
You know, like everybody did in those days.
I lost it.
And I remember him telling the TV interviewer,
I get in big trouble when I get home from my wife.
Because she only bought me that cap to go away.
So yeah.
And that would have been in the 1950s?
Yeah, that would have been the late 50s.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Around about, no, perhaps mid 50s probably.
50, 54, 55 perhaps.